[Music]
seven things you should never say to
children being a parent requires
responsibility even when it comes to
word choice inadvertently uttered
phrases may change a child's worldview
or make them develop more morals we
learned about phrases that affect
children's mental development and
altered them for the better
seven you should listen to adults
hearing this the child thinks all adults
are smart and good I have to do as they
say this phrase is dangerous because the
child starts to trust all adults
including strangers he or she won't
expect anything bad from them the
correct phrase is you need to listen to
your parents this helps the child
develop critical thinking and a healthy
distrust of strangers 6 stop crying
hearing this the child thinks it's bad
to show emotions I'll just be scolded
for tears he may grow up silent and
withdrawn flattens emotions will sooner
or later manifest in aggression or tears
the correct phrases tell me what's
bothering you or why are you crying if
the child Falls or gets bruised say are
you crying because it hurts or you're
frightened this will provoke a
conversation which will help the child
identify their emotions 5 don't be
greedy
hearing this kids usually think I must
share everything there is nothing that's
mine over time these thoughts will
develop into sacrificial behavior they
will not protect their own values and
possessions thinking they aren't worthy
of them what's the right phrase would
you let this boy play with your toy for
a while or maybe you want to exchange
toys for a while give your child an
opportunity to manage their things
themselves
if the child is against sharing then do
not insist or who taught you this about
a mischief hearing this the child thinks
my parents don't know I came up with
this such a child will think that he or
she can go unpunished having pushed the
flame on to others the correct phrase is
why did you do that this will help you
find out whether the child did it
themselves were upon someone's
encouragement always give children the
opportunity to explain their actions 3
look at this lovely girl hearing this
the child thinks I am worse than others
it makes no sense to try anything it
won't work comparing him with others
negatively affects the child's
self-esteem making them think they will
never achieve anything the correct
phrase is I love you you can do this to
point out your child's abilities and
show that you believe in him remember
that every child is unique and has their
own talents
- we'll talk at home
hearing this the child thinks my parents
might hurt me they don't like me I don't
want to go home the parents are no
longer loving but threatening and the
house becomes a place where the child
expects punishment the correct phrase is
let me tell you what upset me hearing
your point of view your children will
learn to take your feelings into account
when pondering their future actions one
you're too young to think about this
hearing this the child thinks I want to
know I'll ask someone else
if your child asks you uncomfortable
questions but does not receive
information they will receive it from
other sources much less confident ones
the correct phrase is I'm not ready to
answer now I need some time do not
dismiss the child if they ask you a
question try to answer it this way you
will remain an authority in their eyes
and will never lose their trust do you
know other parenting mistakes that all
of us should avoid share them in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you